Oh what is up guys CP giveaways one here
and get for you another kind of sneak
peek update for the puffle party and as
you can on this I see on the screen and
this is going to be just a quick update
as you can see on the screen it's a
starting March 21st members can earn a
puffle expert outfit and adopt the
rainbow puffle so it's kind of confirmed
now this is what you get when you log at
a club penguin this is so it's been
confirmed that the path of the rainbow
puffle will be here also if you don't
know a spike hike has confirmed also
that the puffle hotel will stay in
clubpenguin even after the party so it
might be there forever yeah probably
have forever and I don't know about this
puffle I expert outfit but i think if
you it's kind of like you know the last
party they're trying to make you log on
a lot of times so you kind of have to
play more you know like last time you
had to take if you're a director yet to
take a lot of pictures and stuff and
this time it's probably you're going to
have to like feed a lot of puffles take
care of them you know give them food
that's what I'm probably that's what I'm
thinking tell me what you guys are
thinking that this puffle expert outfit
looks amazing or I think what I don't
know it might give you better perks like
it might make you might make your puffle
happier and might I don't know but
that's I don't know what else but if you
had any ideas on what you're thinking
about this puffle expert outfit
put it in the description guys don't
forget to Like comment and subscribe
peace out